PD-2047 / 25.04 / PD-2047-document-new-network-global-config-option-allow-all-except (by linzi-ix) (#3954)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALETutorials/Network/ManagingGlobalConfig.md

4. Enter the IP address for your default gateway into the **IPv4 Default Gateway** if you are using IPv4 IP addresses.
   Enter the IPv6 address in the **IPv6 Default Gateway** if you are using IPv6 addresses.

5. Select the desired **Outbound Network** option.

>    * Selecting **Allow All** permits external communication for all TrueNAS services.
> 
>    * Selecting **Deny All** prevents external communication.
>    
>    * Selecting **Allow Specific** shows the **Services** dropdown where you can choose a limited set of services to allow external communication. Unchecked services cannot communicate externally.
>    
>    * Selecting **Allow All Except** and choosing options on the **Services** dropdown list denies those services external communication while allowing it for all other services. Selected services cannot communicate externally.

Reviewer: While not incorrect this deviates from the parallel construction in the procedure. Suggest these changes:
```suggestion
   * Select **Allow All** to permit external communication for all TrueNAS services.

   * Select **Deny All** to prevent external communication.
   
   * Select **Allow Specific** to show the **Services** dropdown, and then choose a limited set of services to allow external communication. Unchecked services cannot communicate externally.
   
   * Select **Allow All Except** and choose options on the **Services** dropdown list to deny those services external communication. Selected services cannot communicate externally.
```
